Inside the point processor class,
there's actually a method for doing a segment plane.
We'll be looking at this in filling it in.
The things to take note here are that we're going to be using a template,
so pointT to represent any type the point cloud here we're doing the point XYZ,
and we're going to have some arguments that go along with this,
and we have these max iterations in distance tolerance.
So we'll be talking a little bit more about this and
how it kind of affects the data that we're generating.
But basically, we're going to be creating this list of inliers,
and this is going to contain its elicit ints.
It's all the indices from that point cloud that actually belong to this plane.
So that's what we're going to be generating from this function.